The process of bringing all supplies
through the CPRC sets a level of standardization.
In other words, instead of having logistics order
20 types of nail clippers,
one standard nail clipper will be ordered for the facility.
This would create a cost savings as well,
due to the money not being tied up
in having supplies that are not used
due to staff preferences for an item
that performs the same function.
For example, if nail clippers were purchased
for 10 units in the hospital,
imagine that each unit had a preference
of the type of clipper used.
The breakdown would be as demonstrated in this table.
As you can see,
each month the facility would spend $1,051 on the item,
and the annual cost would be $12,612.